What a pretty thing.
Is it a present for me?
If I like it, I'll get you another.
Okay?
- Hey, it was just a joke.
- Should say "a drink," not "another".
Let me go, you're hurting me.
You say "another," people think
I'm a drunk drowning his sorrows.
- Okay, okay, I'm sorry.
- They're going to get the wrong idea.
They're going to think they know me,
but no one knows me.
Do you get it?
Let her go, kid.
Sorry. I've had a bad day.
Give me a drink, I'll leave.
Better to go home and sleep it off,
it's late already.
No, no, no!
Where is it?
Shit!
Fuck!
It is true what they say.
A Section Nine agent is
always vigilant.
- Even when he stinks of alcohol.
- Neffenberg...
Would it be too much to ask for a
minute of your time, Agent Ortiz?
We have nothing to talk about.
I think we do.
Leave.
- We have to get out of here.
- Leave!
Feli...
Dad! We've already had
a whole bottle of wine.
You're no fun, we're celebrating.
What we're going to celebrate
is your next blood test.
Jesus. What's going on?
Maybe it's the mistress.
Dad!
- What?
- Shit, shit, shit...
What?
Turn the TV on.
The National Police is searching
the area around the Prado Museum
where a symbolic act for harmony
between the leaders
of the main political parties
was being held this afternoon
and where opposition leader Pablo
Rodero allegedly disappeared...
Poor man. Horrifying.
I should leave. In case there is
a meeting or something.
- Want me to take you?
- Please.
Don Jaime, my deepest apologies.
- I'd love to have dinner another day.
- Of course, of course, go ahead.
Dad, thank you.
Pablo Rodero was kidnapped
this evening.
He was running for election.
According to National Police
and Civil Guard sources,
no one has taken responsibility
for the kidnapping...
Pablo Rodero
was kidnapped this evening.
He was running for election.
According to National Police
and Civil Guard sources,
no one has taken credit
for the kidnapping
but it is suspected
that it may be a response
to the kidnapping of Catalina
Bellido, alias "The Captain,"
which took place six days ago.
There have been no
official statements yet.
Tension can be ...
This shouldn't be happening.
If you had listened to me,
if you helped me when I asked you,
we wouldn't be in this situation now.
Rodero has been kidnapped.
I have no fucking idea who or why.
I don't know what's going on.
- Manolo, not again, please...
- Don't "Manolo" me!
You never stopped saying
that I was your most trusted man,
that I'd always be by your side...
You can still stop this.
- Listen to me, there's a way out.
- Of course there's a way out...
...for you!
I go to jail and don't say a word.
And then what?
Pardon? Conditional release?
- We'll take care of your family.
- Sure...
You've done a lot for the party.
A lot for me. I won't forget that.
Now you won't forget it?
You didn't remember the Russians!
I was very nervous!
I'm dealing with elections...
I'm so sorry, Manolo.
I didn't even know what I was saying.
And now you do?
I do know I want
to make things right.
- Yes?
- Yes.
I can see that.
Everything we've been
through together...
All the money we've shared...
Now you throw me under the bus
to save your ass.
That's your way to make things right.
Everyone always mixed up in shit,
and you always untouched.
Cause shit never touches you.
Let me tell you one thing,
I'm not going to jail for you
or for anybody.
Do you understand?
- Do you understand?
- Yes!
Good. Well, first things first.
The Russians.
They're looking for me
to make sure business continues.
You're going to get them off my back
no matter what,
make up whatever story you need to.
Either that...
or never leave this place.
- Holy shit! What the fuck?
- Don't yell.
Dad! Help! Dad!
There's a robber in the house!
- Bring your shotgun!
- I'm not here to steal.
My name is García.
I need your help.
What do you want?
Do you think your parents woke up?
- They're not here.
- And they don't have a shotgun.
Good thinking.
What happened to you?
Long story.
But first I need a phone.
With wires, without,
whatever you've got.
I'll just be a minute, I promise.
Do you mind if I turn
the camera off ?
- We're live.
- What were you doing?
Working.
Help me.
- Yes?
- Agent García speaking.
García! I've been trying
to contact you for hours.
My phone is useless.
The police ambushed me at Feli's.
I defended myself,
but there was an accident.
She's dead, Ortiz.
I'm very sorry.
I can't even imagine...
It was my fault.
Something failed in the mission,
they found me.
- Wait, wait... where are you?
- Close. Within the police perimeter.
There are agents
and they have a gyroplane.
We can't come in there,
you have to leave.
- Can anyone pick me up?
- The C2 access is the safest.
I'll be there in half an hour.
Over and out.
All those pigs are looking for you?
It's a mistake, I'll figure it out.
Thanks for your help.
This shit is lit. Wait!
Try this on.
Why the silver wings?
It's a band. Icarus Wings.
They've got an ethereal wave vibe.
I'll be the center of attention.
More than with a suit like that?
How do I get out of here?
Through the garage.
We get out through here and done.
Two streets left
there's a subway station.
Do you use the subway? No...
Well, either way,
this is a very calm street.
So relax, there'll be no issues.
Here is fine.
Thanks for everything, Rafael.
- I'll give it back when I can.
- Keep it.
Their third album was shit.
Don't talk about this with anyone. Ever.
- You know that, right?
- No worries.
Sucks, I would get
a ton of followers out of this.
Relax, it's all good.
García.
Sorry about your girlfriend.
Give those fuckers hell!
Do we know
anything about Rodero?
- Nothing yet.
- They're preparing a statement.
Usual, saying they trust in
state security forces and to wait.
Wait for what? Look at Twitter.
Everyone knows who it was.
- Who?
- Who do you think?
They've been accusing us
of the kidnapping.
She had eight charges of corruption.
She probably ran off to a tax haven.
Until she turns up,
Hernando says it was commies,
idiots believe him,
kidnaps Pablo in retaliation.
- We still don't know who did it.
- I'll tell you who did it.
The far right, been ruling
this country for 40 years.
ETA's not around,
we're the bad guys.
- Hey, don't get all paranoid.
- Dude, we're already seeing it.
The guy who beat your ass?
That one? An undercover cop.
For sure.
Okay, let's see, this hasn't been
officially organized, has it?
There's no fucking need.
Come on, let's go!
Riki, wait.
I have to talk to you.
It's important.
- How are you feeling?
- I've had better decades.
Right.
I'll give you a quick checkup now,
but you'll need a full examination
at the headquarters.
Sit down. Take that off.
I've gone over the mission
a thousand times, Benito,
and I'm sure
I didn't make any mistakes.
If we've been sold out,
we have to act now.
Sooner we make our move, sooner
we know where the leak came from.
Well, well... relax. We know.
It was us.
Relax.
I've been reading reports about you.
Your body processes any foreign
element at an impressive speed,
so I've had to triple the usual dose.
It's just a little nap.
Leave!
Here, here! Put him in the trunk!
- Yes, sir.
- Go, go!
Say something, dude...
So, your father is the leader
of some sort of...
...secret agency,
that controls...
...a Francoist super-soldier who's
been awakened after 60 years
to kidnap the leader
of our political party.
- Yes, more or less, yes.
- Okay...
So you must be some kind of alien,
a mutant like...
- Oh, right, I'm crazy. What?
- Hey, hey! I believe you.
You couldn't have made up
such an absurd story.
So?
So we call the police.
Wait, wait. Why the police?
What are you going to say?
That we might know
who kidnapped Rodero.
- Do you want to report my father?
- You don't?
Riki, I mean... yes, okay.
Maybe he's done bad things,
but out of patriotic love
and all that shit.
But maybe not.
Maybe he had nothing to do with it.
The police should decide.
Riki! He's my dad. He's old and...
Fuck! His heart is weak. If they
arrest him, he might drop dead.
I don't think a murderer
of republicans
will be scared
by a few police officers.
- My father hasn't killed anyone.
- How do you know that?
Okay... look.
What do you want to do?
I don't know.
There you go.
No. No.
Seriously?
- Please.
- So why the hell did you tell me?
- I thought you would understand.
- Understand what?
- Fuck! He's my dad!
- I know that!
Is your family more important
than Rodero's?
- It's the only thing I have.
- The only thing?
How won't I understand?
We're bending over backwards.
I have the whole team
working on this matter.
You can leave it over there.
I have a meeting in 15 minutes.
We'll talk after that.
Yes, yes, I'll call you back. Bye.
It was Foreign Affairs.
In Brussels, they're starting
to wonder what the hell we are doing.
- Jaime, we've got to stop this now!
- Everything's under control.
I have a dead civilian
and five dead policemen,
two political candidates kidnapped
and, if that weren't enough,
there's a group of radicals
in the streets
inciting people to take the Congress.
Would you care to explain how the
hell "everything's under control"?
Well... we can still fix this mess.
Tell me what Rodero said,
where did they hide the Captain?
Rodero didn't say anything.
He doesn't know.
He didn't order
the Captain's kidnapping.
He's a commie and a radical,
but he's not crazy.
Let's see... you said...
I said what you needed to hear
to step forward
and take control of this.
García made some trouble for us, yes.
But I'm sure I can fix that.
The plan goes ahead.
There's no turning back now.
I don't think you are
understanding me.
I'm not suggesting you
abort the plan, Jaime.
I'm ordering you to do it.
I think it's you
who doesn't understand me.
In 15 minutes you have a meeting
with your cabinet.
Tell them that the plan is going
forward, everything is under control.
But that we need more men
and more resources.
What? Have you lost your mind?
Look...
- What's this?
- It's your approval to kidnap Rodero.
We don't throw anything
away around here.
Everything is stored away,
but there are leaks sometimes.
Are you threatening me?
Do you think I did all of this
because I want your head?
You understand nothing.
You're not important, you're nobody.
I'll solve this crisis for you.
You'll win the elections
and I'll get the commie
and the Captain and their cronies
off of your back.
I'm going to give you back
the country you've lost.
All wrapped up
with a red and yellow bow.
Yes?
Honey, how are you?
Fine. What about you?
Is something wrong?
No, no. Everything's okay.
Everything's okay.
I meant to call earlier, but
we've been busy at the Ministry.
How is the kid? Is he with you?
Good, already asleep.
He really wants to see you.
- Yes.
- I really want to see you too.
- When is this going to be over?
- Isa, don't fucking start.
I've already told you,
it's for your safety.
Now Rodero's been kidnapped.
The President takes a guard with him
to pee.
But who would want to kidnap us?
Manolo, don't you think
you're overreacting...
You're in an amazing fucking
hotel having fun, aren't you?
Then lay the fuck off me!
Why are you talking to me like that?
Honey, I'm so sorry.
I'm very nervous.
Don't you worry, honey.
This will end and it will end soon.
Okay. I'll tell the kid.
But please take care, please.
- I love you very much.
- I do too.
- I love you too. Okay, bye.
- Bye.
Yes?
Don't answer "yes"
to unknown numbers.
They could record you, and then use
your voice for whatever they want.
You've always been a bit careless, Manolo.
Who are you?
Like when you took Catalina.
Look, I don't know who you are,
I'm going to hang up.
You can't fix the situation
with the Russians.
They don't care about the Captain.
They don't care
who gets charged with corruption.
They only want their business
to keep going.
And you know how they do things.
First a warning and then...
well, you know.
So right now you have two options.
Talk to me and fix this disaster,
or hang up and wait for the Russians
to find you.
What do you want?
Hello? You still there?
Hello? Please just...
- Where have you been?
- God, you scared me.
And you me. Do you know how long
I've been waiting for you?
- Did you clean your room?
- Yes.
I dusted, organized books,
put in a load of laundry
but I did something wrong,
my whites are pink now.
I don't care, but my sleeping
shirt was in there which I loved,
I won't find another one like it.
What's wrong, dear?
Is it because of Ricardo?
- Dad, did you kidnap Rodero?
- What?
I started thinking about it,
and it didn't seem that strange.
The envelope about García...
I thought it was for me,
was it for you?
I don't know who sent it
but you're the leader
of a secret agency.
Everyone knows
what secret agencies do.
I thought you don't do those things,
but I talked to Riki
and he said you killed people.
I don't want to believe it.
I came home very angry,
but when I thought about it,
it didn't seem that strange,
then I started to clean
so I wouldn't think,
and that's when the white-pink
clothes thing happened.
It was García.
García?
What do you mean García?
It was my fault.
We were trying to find the Captain
and I thought he was ready to come
back, that he could be useful,
but he acted on his own.
And has he kidnapped Rodero?
But, why?
He thinks he's
behind the kidnapping.
And in his time, people like Rodero
were arrested and tortured.
He's a man of the past.
Antonia, he doesn't belong
in a democratic world
that respects people's freedom
and rights.
No, no, no. It can't be.
He's not like that. I know him.
I've also known him for years.
And these are the things he does.
The police found him.
They tried to arrest him
and he set off an explosion.
A lot of people died.
We've tried to keep it
as quiet as possible,
but I'm afraid it might
be on the news by now.
We have to neutralize him
before he kills someone else.
But... he's your friend.
He was my friend.
Now he's a murderer.
You should eat.
If I wanted you dead, I would have
let Section Nine finish the job.
You've were lucky
we were tracking Benito,
so you should thank me
for rescuing you.
You don't understand
what you are doing here.
How can you be alive?
We have a lot to talk about,
Agent García.
In a civilized manner.
You weren't betrayed yesterday.
You were betrayed on that train.
60 years ago.
My father, Neffenberg, made a deal
with your little friend Ortiz.
If I failed, he'd allow himself
to be captured.
He knew that you would surrender.
I failed... but I didn't die.
Our contact in France knew nothing.
The Russian government didn't either.
It was as if all of you
vanished into thin air.
I've been looking for you all
for 60 years.
My father,
Agent Ortiz, you.
And all of a sudden...
here you are.
It's hard to believe
but that's how it is.
The only thing I had after Canfranc
was your capsule code.
That and a tracking protocol
that was activated three days ago.
My father and I were the only ones
who knew the code for your capsule.
So obviously, my father woke you up.
Professor Neffenberg died
in a plane crash in 1964.
- How do you know?
- Section Nine was looking for him.
Ortiz showed me the file.
It can't be.
A man like him, he can't be dead.
You've been fooled again.
Ortiz has tricked you again.
What if Ortiz was the one who sent
that journalist to open your capsule?
Don't you see it?
This is what's going to happen.
You are going to take me
to where Ortiz is
and Ortiz is going to tell me
where my father is. Okay?
No.
You owe him nothing. He tried
to kill you! Why protect him?
What are you doing?
No, no, no.
Wait! Wait!
No, no, no. No! No!
Fuck!
Sound the alarm!
Close the exit now!
He can't get out!
We are fucked!
Someone look for Winters now!
Next train to...
Riki: 3 text messages 6 missed calls
Although the number of wounded
officers is still unknown,
one fatality has been confirmed:
a 78-year-old woman,
resident of the building,
who apparently was in the apartment
with the alleged terrorist when...
...a 78-year-old woman,
resident of the building,
who was in the apartment
with the alleged terrorist
when the explosion occurred...
Silvia: audio message
Antonia, you're not picking up.
You heard about the kidnapping
and the explosion?
Think it could have been...
you know who?
This is crazy, and there was
a victim, an old lady,
they're saying her name
was Felicidad Martínez.
Honey, call me when you can.
Do you want to have breakfast
with me at the bar?
I don't really feel like it,
my stomach is kind of upset...
Do you want me to make you
a chamomile tea?
No, I'm just going to stay in bed
for a bit and I'm sure it will pass.
Okay, I'll call you later.
Get some rest.
Thank you.
The number you are calling is
turned off...
Fuck, García!
Hi. I thought you might be here.
I'm really sorry about Felicidad.
Was she your girlfriend?
Since you were looking for her...
I'm guessing you found her?
And I saw on the news that...
- Well, I'm really sorry, García.
- Did your father send you?
No. He doesn't know I'm here.
So why did you come, Antonia?
So someone would tell me the truth!
Did you kidnap Rodero?
Yes.
They told me he was behind
the Captain's kidnapping.
Even if it wasn't true,
he is a communist,
- an agent for the Soviets...
- Wait! Rodero, a communist? Please.
And even if he were, so what?
You can be a communist. It's legal.
What's not legal is kidnapping
an innocent man.
- What is the GAL? What the fuck?
- Your father gave me the order.
I can't believe it.
So it was true.
You know what?
Section Nine is a piece of shit,
who knows how many people you
kidnapped, tortured, killed...
I was going to quit.
Look, your father
and I were soldiers,
we defended our country.
We aren't proud of the things
we did, but they had to be done.
And then... I met Feli.
She...
She changed everything.
I couldn't do what I was doing
and look her in the eyes.
And what happened?
Your father betrayed me.
He sold me to Neffenberg.
I spent 60 years frozen
in that crypt.
He took away everything I had.
Everything I could have had.
And now what do we do?
What do we do?
García, my father lied to me,
he betrayed you 60 years ago
by becoming allies with a crazy Nazi.
And he betrayed you again now...
I can't go home, you know?
I couldn't even look him in the face.
And you, the police are probably
looking for you. So...
- What do we do now?
- Escape! You have to get out of here!
Section Nine! Come on, quick!
We're really going to escape
in this tricycle?
- It's an ultra-modern vehicle.
- Yeah, 60 years ago.
It's all checked up and
with a full tank. This way, quick.
- What about you, Chencho?
- Don't worry about me.
Are you sure this car is going
to work?
No! No!
Yes?
What are you doing?
This thing doesn't have airbags!
Stop! Stop! It's here.
Wow, what a rush!
Dude, you're fucking Fernando Alonso.
- They called me the Spanish Fangio.
- Who is Fangio?
- Who is Fernando Alonso?
- It doesn't matter, you're better.
- You'll be okay with me. Trust me.
- I'm not too sure.
Your father found Feli
and also Chencho's garage.
I don't have any contacts left,
if they're even alive.
Your father knows them too.
I'm sure that my father
won't find us here.
Long live the couple! Yay!
- Antonia!
- Look at you!
- Congratulations!
- Thank you!
Tell me he's the stripper.
- No. A friend. From work.
- What a shame!
But let's get something to drink,
I got married!
Congratulations. I wish you
and your wife much happiness.
Wife, come here! Antonia's here!
The stripper, right?
- Congratulations! Hey, is Riki here?
- He's around here somewhere.
Today I only have eyes
for my husband.
Come on! Get a drink!
- What kind of a joke is this? They...
- They are my friends.
Juanfran and Carles.
Two people who love each other.
We're in their house.
In your time
this might have been different
but here you stick that homophobic
shit where the sun don't shine.
And now...
I'm going to get a drink.
Kiss! Kiss! Kiss!
Fuck, Riki!
- You came. Yes, yes...
- Yes. Here I am, right?
Well, it's their wedding.
They'd kill me if I didn't.
You want a drink, honey?
You and I are going to have fun!
You brought a criminal from another
era to your friends' wedding?
We're being followed by Section Nine!
We needed a place to hide and...
Well, okay... yes. I'm sorry.
- I shouldn't have come. We'll leave.
- No. Don't leave. Forgive me.
What?
Let's see...
Lately there's been a lot of things
that I haven't understood.
But I do have one thing
that's very clear:
I don't want you to think
that all you have is your father.
So tonight we are going to dance
and have fun.
And tomorrow I'll think of some way
to help you.
Help us both?
Could you pass me the guitar please?
Both of you.
Everyone! To the living room.
Come on!
Everyone here.
It's about to start.
I want to say something!
First, thank you to everyone
for coming.
I love you a lot
and I'm going to miss you.
Please, come visit us soon and...
bring Spanish ham,
there's none in New Zealand.
Riki... thank you for introducing me
to the love of my life.
My pleasure.
And lastly, thanks to Carles,
for being the love of my life,
for saying yes when
I asked you to marry me
because you are the best thing
that has ever happened to me.
And this one's for you.
God with his power...
wanted...
to melt four little sun rays...
and make a woman with them.
And when his will...
was completed...
I was born in a Spanish garden...
Go and get them!
Leave!
Agent García! García!
- Mom!
- Garcia!
Thank you very much! I love you!
- You're such a funny character.
- No, I'm usually not that funny.
It's been a great pleasure. I had
such a good time with you tonight.
- I feel the same, Miss.
- Cheers.
- We'll see each other. Bye.
- Bye.
- The girl who was singing?
- Susana.
- She's a charming woman.
- Cool.
Riki said we can sleep over here
if we want.
Thank him, but that
won't be necessary. I'm leaving.
Where?
Everything has changed, Antonia,
but those guys in there...
Juanfran and Carles,
Susana, Riki...
...they're Spaniards.
Carles might tell you something else,
but fine. Spaniards. So what?
I promised to fight for them,
to protect them.
And your father promised the same.
Are you going to report him
to police?
No.
Are you going to kill him?
Do you think I want to kill him?
Well, I guess so, right?
Because it was his fault Feli died.
And he wanted to kill you too.
Because he's...
because he's a murderer.
He's my friend.
If there's anything left in him
of the man I knew,
that man deserves a chance.
I'm going to talk to him and
I'll listen to what he has to say.
Great idea.
He's not picking up.
He might have his mobile on silent.
- He's not home.
- Don't you worry.
He'll be at the locksmith's.
Right, of course.
And how are we going to get in?
Damn...
Where is my father?
He's not here.
- I have talk to him.
- Nothing to talk about.
I have nothing to say to you.
Where is he?
You're an idiot. Don't you see?
Spain is lost, and Don Jaime
is the only one who can save us.
By kidnapping innocent people?
Rodero isn't innocent,
he's a commie.
- He's a commie!
- Feli was innocent!
What have you done with Rodero?
Cut off his thumbs.
What? I saw it on a show.
And the guy told everything.
- So you're actually going to do it?
- Wait, stop, stop! Rodero is fine.
"We only tortured him
a little bit" fine?
No, why? He had nothing to do
with the Captain's kidnapping.
So why have me kidnap him?
Where do you have him, Benito?
In a closed children's playground.
- At the entrance of Pozuelo.
- Shall we go?
Or... are you going to kill him?
I'm not looking for revenge but
tell your boss that this isn't over.
Well, a little bit of revenge
sounds good to me.
- Are you sure this is the place?
- Move aside.
Antonia!
Mr. Rodero?
He must have been drugged,
like you were.
Antonia!
Fuck!
Fuck! No!
- It's the Captain. God, she's dead!
- They've set a trap for us, Antonia.
- Let's go! Let's go!
- No. There's no time.
Let them come in.
You beat them up and we escape.
- I'm not going to hit anyone.
- So what do we do?
- Wait and let them arrest us?
- Exactly.
But...
...here it is, a Spanish classic,
Radio Futura.
- Who are you?
- A dead man. An avalanche is coming.
- Go, go, go!
- Here, this way!
Hands up!